feature/psea-choapi (#2215)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/checkout-api-v2/integrate-pse-avanza.en.md

      </div>
      <div>
        <label for="personType">Tipo de persona</label>
        <select id="form-checkout__personType" name="personType" type="text">
          <option value="natural">Natural</option>
          <option value="juridica">Jurídica</option>
        </select>
      </div>
      <div>
        <label for="identificationType">Tipo de documento</label>
        <select id="form-checkout__identificationType" name="identificationType" type="text"></select>
      </div>
      <div>
        <label for="identificationNumber">Número del documento</label>
        <input id="form-checkout__identificationNumber" name="identificationNumber" type="text">
      </div>
    </div>
    <div>
      <div>
        <label for="banksList">Banco</label>
        <div id="banksList"></div> 
      </div>
    </div>
    <div>
      <div>
        <input type="hidden" name="transactionAmount" id="transactionAmount" value="100">
        <input type="hidden" name="description" id="description" value="Nome do Produto">
        <br>
        <button type="submit">Pagar</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </form>

```

> CLIENT_SIDE
>
> h2
>
> Get document types

> To create a payments with PSE, it is also necessary to obtain the user's document type and number. These documents will depend on the type of person (natural or legal) selected while adding the payment form, and you can obtain them automatically using the following function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a payments with PSE, it is also necessary to obtain the user's document type and number. This information will depend on the type of person (natural or legal) selected while adding the payment form, and you can obtain them automatically using the following function:
```

          "street_name": "siempre viva",
          "street_number": "111",
          "neighborhood": "sarasa",
          "city": "salto",
          "federal_unit": "1"
        },
        "phone": {
          "area_code": "011",
          "number": "2134242412"
        }
    },
    "additional_info": {
        "ip_address": "127.0.0.1"
    },
    "transaction_details": {
        "financial_institution": "1009"
    },
    "callback_url": "http://www.your-site.com"
}'

```
]]]

The following are **mandatory** fields that must be completed when sending a payment according to the specifications below:

| Field | Description | Posssible values/validaations | Request to get the values |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `transaction_details.financial_institution` | Bank informed in the POST to make the electronic transfer. You must show the list to the user and allow him to select. This list usually refreshes, so it’s  Se debe mostrar al usuario el listado de bancos y permitirle seleccionar. El listado se actualiza, por lo que recommended to consume the information every hour. | - | https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/payment_methods/search?site_id=MCO&id=pse&public_key=YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY  |

> | `payer.entity_type` | Type of personality, physical or legal. | *individual* or *association* | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `payer.entity_type` | Type of person, natural or legal. | *individual* or *association* | - |
```

| `payer.phone.number` | Payer’s phone number. | - | - |

The response will show the **pending status** until the buyer completes the payment. Also, in the response to the request, the `external_resource_url` parameter will return a URL where you should redirect the buyer to complete the payment flow. 

```json
{
    "id": 1312147735,
     ..., 
    "operation_type": "regular_payment",
    "payment_method_id": "pse",
    "payment_type_id": "bank_transfer",
    "payment_method": {
        "id": "pse",
        "type": "bank_transfer"
    },
    "status": "pending",
    "status_detail": "pending_waiting_transfer",
     ...,
    "description": "Título del producto",
     ..., 
    "callback_url": "http://www.your-site.com",
    "installments": 1,
    "transaction_details": {
     ...,
        "total_paid_amount": 5000,
     ...,
        "external_resource_url": "https://www.mercadopago.com.co/sandbox/payments/1312147735/bank_transfer?caller_id=1148920820&hash=f41dd14f-b3a6-4ac4-9b78-5cfeb5a35e77",
     ...,
        "financial_institution": "1009",
     ...,
        "bank_transfer_id": 129229,
        "transaction_id": "10022214"
    }, 
}

```

> > NOTE

Reviewer: Si es "Importante", no debería ser WARNING?

> > NOTE

Author: ```suggestion
> WARNING
```
